buildrootdir/installrootdir options in config-build.py (#1741)
GEOSX/GEOSX: src/docs/sphinx/buildGuide/BuildProcess.rst

  * ``--hostconfig`` or ``-hc`` is a path to host-config file.
  * all unrecognized options are passed to CMake.

>   If --buildpath is not used build directory is automatically named build-<config-filename-without-extension>-<buildtype>.
>   If one wants to keep automatic naming and change the build root directory with --buildrootdir.
>   In that case, build path will be set to <buildrootdir>/<config-filename-without-extension>-<buildtype>.
>   Same is applicable to install path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If ``--buildpath`` is not used, build directory is automatically named ``build-<config-filename-without-extension>-<buildtype>``.
  It is possible to keep automatic naming and change the build root directory with ``--buildrootdir``.
  In that case, build path will be set to ``<buildrootdir>/<config-filename-without-extension>-<buildtype>``.
  Both ``--buildpath`` and ``--buildrootdir`` are incompatible and cannot be used in the same time.
  Same pattern is applicable to install path, with ``--installpath`` and ``--installrootdir`` options.
```
